4081 - Fix missing data for excel export with datagrid (#4129)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Application Menu]` Fixed a bug where some buttons did not have labels for the icon buttons in toolbars. Check your application if you use this pattern. ([#4085](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4085))
- `[Buttons]` Reverted an inner Css rule change that set 'btn' classes to contains vs starts with. ([#4120](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4120))
- `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where the tooltip for tree grid was not working properly. ([#827](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/827))

> - `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where the data was not exporting to excel when use settings groupable. ([#4081](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4081))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where the data was not exporting to excel when using the groupable setting. ([#4081](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4081))
```
